i need your help drafting a letter to the Coherent Cyber Education board of directors regarding a legal issue. 

In 2014, I began my career building the next generation of cybersecurity professionals at the middle school and high school level with Civil Air Patrol and the city of San Antonio. I began by building a comprehensive cybersecurity technical curriculum. But eventually saw an education gap between the materials and the ones teaching it. So I began developing an intuitive training platform for both students and teachers. The original concept was called LookingGlass, but was rebranded to the Prism Cyber Learning Platform at my own expense in December 2019. In 2020, we obtained our first lighthouse customer, Richardson ISD, and proved there was a need for this program. But eventually Nick and I realized that we needed someone knowledgeable of the education industry to spearhead sales and growth; thus, Coherent Cyber Education was born, and Sari McCoy, the former Executive Director of Richardson ISD's CTE program, became our first CEO.

Since its inception in 2022, Coherent Cyber Education has had a rough start with several unfilled promises. Some missed opportunities include ones with the Texas Workforce Commission and US Department of Education. Additionally, in 2024 the CEO presented a "done deal" with Dallas Colleges that would have netted between $1-2MM; however, our company has yet to recieve significant revenue from Dallas Colleges and certainly not close to the promised number of $1-2MM. Finally, in 2024, Coherent Cyber Education executed an exhaustive campaign to influence local legislation and obtain funding from the city of San Antonio for cybersecurity curriculum. This included multiple meetings with lobbiests, city council members, and leadership. Again, our CEO relayed a positive outlook on the campaign; however, in late 2024 during a City Council meeting to discuss changing legistlation to allow funding for high school workforce development, Congressman Manny Palaez singled out and publically smeared Coherent Cyber [Education] as a "dishonest" company and claimed the CEO made false statements regarding its intentions. This is when I lost all confidence in our CEO's leadership. 

When I started this training division in 2019 under Coherent Cyber, we invested hundreds of thousands of dollars toward platform development. But since we established Coherent Cyber Education, zero dollars have gone toward active development of the platform (i.e. Prism). Approximately $50,000 went toward user interface development research; however, the CEO redirected the contractor to other projects not related to Prism. Understanding the need of incremental updates, I began a project to update Prism to version 3 in late 2023. This involved a significant task of reverse engineering previous contractor code that was never deployed due to lack of funding. In Q3 2024, I felt confident we would have a new release of Prism for January 2025 and asked the staff to begin testing the latest version and report their bugs; I received no response. Then prior to Chrismas 2024, I found a significant flaw in the latest version and informed the CEO that due to already strained resources, we were not going to make the January 2025 deadline; this was unacceptable to her. In response she held several meetings, prior to the holidays, to discuss the way ahead. She ignored the one limiting factor: the company only has one developer; me. After the CEO continued push her agenda and ignore my expertise in the matter, I decided to resign from my Exective Director position two days before Christmas; however, I would remain a manager of the company. It was a tough decision; however, after loosing all confidence in company leadership and the CEO consistently marginalize me and disregard my expertise in our product and the cybersecurity field, I felt I was justified.

Over the course of a few days after my resignation, I received various threats via text message from Nick Hollis that I would loose all of my equity in the company if I left. But Nick was fully aware of my concerns regarding our CEO and often mentored her with little positive results. Since my resignation in December 2024, I have attempted to execute the "constructive termination" clause in my contract that would allow me to completely leave the company, but hold 100% of my sales participation units, not Class A or B shares earned from developing the core technology of the company. Since then I have had to hire a lawyer to represent me in the matter. But due to both stalling tactics by both Nick and the CEO, we have yet to come to a resolution, at a great expense to the company and me personnally. For example, the Coherent Cyber Education conucil has repeatedly promised a response to our request, in writing, weeks ago; however, we have yet to recieve a response. I then learn from my lawyer, after they met with Coherent Cyber Education council, that they are misinterpreting my contract and state that since I am no longer an employee, I am no longer eligible for my equity.

This brings me to you today. After repeated requests, stalling tactics, false promises, and tens of thousands of dollars spent in lawyer fees, I plan to do the following:

If Coherent Cyber and Nick Hollis does not come to an agreement for the payment of $60,000 in back salary for services completed as a contractor, and Coherent Cyber Education does not release me from my non-compete, allow me to keep 100% of my equity, and grant me constructive termination, I plan on filing a lawsuit against Nicolas Hollis, Sari McCoy, and Coherent Cyber Education for several issues including the refusal to pay past due salary, breach of contract, and intellecual property theft, specifically against Nick Hollis.  

